across Gaza there's widespread
destruction as Israel's military has
continued to pound targets from the air
it says it's preparing unrelenting
attacks to dismantle Hamas but most of
the more than 5,000 Palestinians who've
been killed are
civilians the United Nations says 20
lores of Aid entered via the Rafa
Crossing yesterday with food water and
medicine but no desperately needed fuel
to power hospitals and pump water it's
estimated that 1.4 million people are
homeless including the Abasi family who
are originally from Blackpool speaking
here at the Rafa Crossing we had to run
from our house in the middle of the
night and many buildings near us have
been bombed and that and one night we
had to run to the hospital because um we
we heard the noise in the street and we
thought the house across from us was
going to get bombed and now we're just
here today waiting for the raff
acrossing to open
inshallah the release of two more
Israeli hostages the third and fourth
four in 3 days gives just a glimmer of
hope that International mediators can
achieve more yoland Nell BBC News
Jerusalem well for more on developments
in the region let's go live now to our
correspondent Hugo Bacha who's in
southern Lebanon and Hugo we have the
French President Emmanuel macron
arriving in Tel Aviv this morning visits
like this do send a message to actors
who might want to get involved in this
conflict I'm speaking about Hezbollah in
southern Lebanon where you are what kind
of a message does it send to to
Hezbollah yeah Katherine so I think a
number of Western officials have warned
hollah and also Iran which backs groups
across the region uh against any kind of
escalation in this conflict so I'm here
in southern Lebanon near the Lebanese
Israeli borders so a lot of attention
has been on this uh part of the region
because of these crossb border attacks
that have been happening uh between
Hezbollah and Palestinian factions here
in Lebanon and the Israeli Army and I
think again perhaps we're going to hear
a message from the French President
later today warning uh different players
groups countries in the region against
any kind of escalation and it's
interesting that yesterday again
American officials raise their concerns
about the possibility of an escalation
of violence across the region uh Kirby
the White House National Security
spokesman said that the Biden
Administration was deeply concerned
about the potential for any significant
escalation of attacks in recent days and
uh we've been talking about Hezbollah in
the last few days but it's very
interesting and very important to say
that there have been a number of
incidents across the middle east in
recent days uh in Syria in Iraq um basis
housing uh American soldiers have been
uh targeting
in drones in drone and Rocket attacks
and uh and I think the suspicion here
and the accusation actually that was
made yesterday by Mr Kirby is that Iran
is encouraging those groups and actively
facilitating uh some of those attacks so
the concern uh obviously is that uh
there could be an escalation in those
attacks being carried out by groups all
across the region and hug go over the
weekend Israel carried out one of its
biggest air strikes on Southern Lebanon
since this conflict began where do
things stand at the moment in terms of
the crossb skirmishes we've been seeing
where you
are so the last week saw uh an
intensification of those uh attacks and
the situation is obviously very tense
here yesterday we visited some Villages
along the border uh many residents have
left uh one of those Villages was
completely deserted so that gives you a
sense of how concerned
people are on this side of the border
and yesterday I think we had a figure of
19,000 residents whove left that was a
figure that was released by The
International Organization for migration
so uh many residents are fleeing uh some
of those border Villages many people
still remember the devastation brought
by the 2006 war between Hezbollah and
Israel so again I think many fear that
history might be repeating itself thank
you very much that's our correspondent
in southern Lebanon Hugo Bacha well
let's go live now to Anna Foster who's
in Northern Israel and Anna over the
last few days you've been speaking to
families who have hostages members of
their family who are held hostage in
Gaza what has been the reaction to the
release of yoked and nit last
night that's right Katherine I think
what you see here in Israel is a a
strong grouping of those families who
have have lost loved ones who saw them
taken away to to Gaza more than 200 we
know hostages of different nationalities
many of them Israeli are still being
held in Gaza um I think every time there
is a a hostage Rel uh release there is
hope yesterday there was a lot of talk
about whether or not there was going to
be a larger hostage release um there
were discussions about whether as many
as 50 hostages could be released by
Hamas now that was never confirmed
confirmed it was always something that
was being um discussed in the background
and and speculated on and of course when
those moments happen you know the
families they hope Beyond hope don't
they that their their loved ones who
they haven't heard from for more than
two weeks now uh might be among those
groups but it seems to be happening
still in very limited numbers we know
there's a lot of diplomatic work
happening behind the scenes to try and
ensure those hostage releases uh we know
that from hamas's point of view it
serves them to to keep hostages because
that is one of the things that could
continue a delay of a possible uh
Israeli ground offensive you know the
concern that hostages may be killed or
injured in that but in terms of the
families you know they are having an
enormously difficult time at the moment
there is very little information that is
coming out about uh the missing and you
know as every day goes on I mean one
family that I I'd um spent some time
with you know it was their their
daughter's funeral their 18-year-old
daughter was shot dead by Hamas during
those attacks and they had bury her just
a couple of days ago and her father
who's been taken hostage was not there
for that moment that was so difficult
for the whole family um and there are
stories many many stories like that I
think that's what people are focusing a
lot on right now and Anna with each
hostage release that we've seen very few
four of them in the past week it does
put a spotlight on the other 200 people
who are being held in Gaza and the
pressure has been put towards the
government in Israel to make sure that
those more than 200 people remain safe
during any kind of operation what have
we been hearing from the Israeli
government about how they're going to
handle this delicate
situation well the Israeli government
say that they are supporting the
families of these hostages but of course
you know the the military operation that
they are looking at carrying out the
fact that there are hostages inside Gaza
they don't know the locations of those
hostages there is every chance that they
would have been split into different
places es we know that there are tunnels
underneath Gaza that are used by Hamas
it's possible that they are holding
people underground or or you know in
buildings where they may be storing
weapons there are so many factors to be
taken into account and doubtless the
Israeli military when they are making
their plans for the next stage will be
considering all of those things and then
simultaneously you have you know the
Diplomatic discussions that are going on
the Israeli government but also the
Americans the US government have been
getting involved in these negotiations
and cut as well a big diplomatic player
in the Middle East region have also been
involved in those talks you know some of
um hamas's senior leadership are based
in qat so that has been a big part of
what's going on as well you know the The
Diplomatic work on one side and on the
other side those considerations about
how a potential ground offensive could
happen when there are still as you
rightly say so many hostages more than
200 being held inside Gaza